[bazel] Added explanation w.r.t. test caching (#6105)
joernio/joern: bazel.md

What can also help is cache invalidation: Go to `File -> Invalidate Caches...` and select
`Clear file system cache and Local History` as well as `Invalidate downloaded shared indexes`.

> ### Test caching and cache_test_results setting
> By default, Bazel caches test results and replays them on subsequent runs without re-executing
> the tests if the inputs haven't changed. Bazel indicates cached results with a small `(cached)`
> notation in the output. While this is useful for performance, it can be problematic during
> development when you want to re-run tests even though nothing has changed.
> 
> To disable test result caching, add the following to your `~/.bazelrc`:
> ```
> test --cache_test_results=no
> ```
> 
> This setting affects both the CLI (`bazel test` commands) and IntelliJ, ensuring tests are
> always re-executed regardless of whether the inputs have changed. This is particularly useful
> during interactive development and debugging when you need to run tests frequently.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test caching and cache_test_results setting
By default, Bazel caches test results and replays them on subsequent runs without re-executing
the tests if the inputs haven't changed. Bazel indicates cached results with a small `(cached)`
notation in the output. While this is useful for performance, it can be problematic during
development when you want to re-run tests even though nothing has changed from the view point of Bazel. This can happen for non hermetic tests which depend on inputs not properly declared in Bazel.

To disable test result caching, add the following to your `~/.bazelrc` (per user) or `user.bazelrc` (per project):
```
test --cache_test_results=no
```

This setting affects both the CLI (`bazel test` commands) and IntelliJ (run test interaction), ensuring tests are always re-executed regardless of whether the inputs have changed.

```
